Paladin (#283)
hyperledger-labs/hyperledger-labs.github.io: labs/paladin.md

- Enterprise grade key management integration
- Development, configuration, and deployment pipeline for privacy preserving smart contracts

Paladin supports token implementations that obey these basic principles:

- use the EVM base ledger as the source of truth for order and finality of transactions
- transactions from different tokens involved in a higher level flow like DvP or PvP are atomically interoperable via the base EVM ledger
- store states in the EVM base ledger in a securely masked format preserving:
  - Confidentiality: the data is protected via cryptography, and selectively disclosed on a need to know basis
  - Anonymity: the parties involved in a transaction, or set of transactions, cannot be determined without access to the confidential data

# Initial Committers

- https://github.com/awrichar
- https://github.com/Chengxuan
- https://github.com/dwertent
- https://github.com/EnriqueL8
- https://github.com/gabriel-indik
- https://github.com/hosie
- https://github.com/jimthematrix
- https://github.com/peterbroadhurst
- https://github.com/SamMayWork

# Sponsor

> https://github.com/jimthematrix - Jim Zhang, member of the Hyperledger Technical Oversight Committee

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://github.com/jimthematrix - Jim Zhang, member of the Hyperledger Technical Advisory Council
```

# Pre-existing repositories

> - https://github.com/kaleido-io/paladin

Reviewer: Either this is not a valid link or the repo is not public. Can you check?
